README.md, before:

## Plot.ly Panel for Grafana

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/NatelEnergy/grafana-plotly-panel/tree/master.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/NatelEnergy/grafana-plotly-panel/tree/master)
[![dependencies Status](https://david-dm.org/NatelEnergy/grafana-plotly-panel/status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/NatelEnergy/grafana-plotly-panel)
[![devDependencies Status](https://david-dm.org/NatelEnergy/grafana-plotly-panel/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/NatelEnergy/grafana-plotly-panel?type=dev)

Render metrics using the plot.ly javascript framework

Works with grafana 4, 5, and 6

### Screenshots

![Screenshot of scatter plot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NatelEnergy/grafana-plotly-panel/master/src/img/screenshot-scatter.png)
![Screenshot of scatter plot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NatelEnergy/grafana-plotly-panel/master/src/img/screenshot-single-trace.png?raw=true)
![Screenshot of scatter plot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NatelEnergy/grafana-plotly-panel/master/src/img/screenshot-multiple-trace.png)
![Screenshot of 3d scatter plot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NatelEnergy/grafana-plotly-panel/master/src/img/screenshot-scatter-3d.png)
![Screenshot of the options screen](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NatelEnergy/grafana-plotly-panel/master/src/img/screenshot-options-new.png)

### Building

To complie, run:

```
npm install -g yarn
yarn install --pure-lockfile
yarn build
```

### Releasing

This plugin uses [release-it](https://github.com/webpro/release-it) to release to GitHub.

```
env GITHUB_TOKEN=your_token yarn release-it patch
```


#### Changelog

##### v0.0.6

- Fix axis range configuration bug [#49](https://github.com/NatelEnergy/grafana-plotly-panel/issues/49)
- Add basic annotations support #57 (tchernobog)
- Improve loading times for plotly.js and support loading from CDN
- Assume date x-axis when 'auto' and the mapping has 'time'
- Support Fixed-Ratio Axes
- Tested with Grafana 6


##### v0.0.5

- Upgrade plotly (v1.41+)
- Better support for light theme. (#24, @cscheuermann81)
- Support snapshots
- Removing `dist` from master branch
- Support of multiple time series's ([#9](https://github.com/NatelEnergy/grafana-plotly-panel/issues/9), [CorpGlory DevTeam](https://corpglory.com/))
- Support showing text from query (#11)
- Template variable support
- Improved metric mapping
- Using webpack and basic jest tests

##### v0.0.4

- Load plotly from npm (v1.31.2+)
- Convert to TypeScript
- Reasonable behavior when adding single metric
- Formatting with prettier.js
- Support for a single table query

##### v0.0.3

- Improve options UI
- Added range mode: "tozero" and "nonnegative"
- Map metrics to X,Y,Z and color
- Can now select 'date' type for each axis to support time
- basic support to size marker with data

##### v0.0.2

- Added ability to set color from a metric query. (#4, @lzgrablic01)
- Show 3D axis names properly
- Fix initalization to work with 4.2+ (isPanelVisible undefined)

##### v0.0.1

- First working version

### Wishlist (help wanted)

- sizeref helper. I think this depends on the data. likely need to find the range and pick a good value? From react?
- nice to have: https://plot.ly/javascript/parallel-coordinates-plot/

Commit message:

Add screenshots and description of auto-trace to the README.

README.md, after:

## Plot.ly Panel for Grafana

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/NatelEnergy/grafana-plotly-panel/tree/master.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/NatelEnergy/grafana-plotly-panel/tree/master)
[![dependencies Status](https://david-dm.org/NatelEnergy/grafana-plotly-panel/status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/NatelEnergy/grafana-plotly-panel)
[![devDependencies Status](https://david-dm.org/NatelEnergy/grafana-plotly-panel/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/NatelEnergy/grafana-plotly-panel?type=dev)

Render metrics using the plot.ly javascript framework

Works with grafana 4, 5, and 6

### Screenshots

![Screenshot of scatter plot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NatelEnergy/grafana-plotly-panel/master/src/img/screenshot-scatter.png)
![Screenshot of scatter plot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NatelEnergy/grafana-plotly-panel/master/src/img/screenshot-single-trace.png?raw=true)
![Screenshot of scatter plot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NatelEnergy/grafana-plotly-panel/master/src/img/screenshot-multiple-trace.png)
![Screenshot of 3d scatter plot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NatelEnergy/grafana-plotly-panel/master/src/img/screenshot-scatter-3d.png)
![Screenshot of the options screen](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NatelEnergy/grafana-plotly-panel/master/src/img/screenshot-options-new.png)
![Screenshot of horizontal bar chart](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NatelEnergy/grafana-plotly-panel/master/src/img/screenshot-hbar-single-trace.png)
![Screenshot of horizontal bar chart](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NatelEnergy/grafana-plotly-panel/master/src/img/screenshot-hbar-multi-trace.png)
![Screenshot of stacked vertical bar chart](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NatelEnergy/grafana-plotly-panel/master/src/img/screenshot-vbar-stacked-auto-trace.png)

### Auto-trace

Sometimes the number and identity of the traces on a plot varies depending
on a property of the data being plotted. Auto-trace mode allows traces
to be constructed from the query result. The query must return exactly
3 columns. The column contents must be:

1. The trace name. This must be a string.
1. An X value for the named trace.
1. The corresponding Y value.

### Building

To compile, run:

```
npm install -g yarn
yarn install --pure-lockfile
yarn build
```

### Releasing

This plugin uses [release-it](https://github.com/webpro/release-it) to release to GitHub.

```
env GITHUB_TOKEN=your_token yarn release-it patch
```


#### Changelog

##### v0.0.6

- Fix axis range configuration bug [#49](https://github.com/NatelEnergy/grafana-plotly-panel/issues/49)
- Add basic annotations support #57 (tchernobog)
- Improve loading times for plotly.js and support loading from CDN
- Assume date x-axis when 'auto' and the mapping has 'time'
- Support Fixed-Ratio Axes
- Tested with Grafana 6


##### v0.0.5

- Upgrade plotly (v1.41+)
- Better support for light theme. (#24, @cscheuermann81)
- Support snapshots
- Removing `dist` from master branch
- Support of multiple time series's ([#9](https://github.com/NatelEnergy/grafana-plotly-panel/issues/9), [CorpGlory DevTeam](https://corpglory.com/))
- Support showing text from query (#11)
- Template variable support
- Improved metric mapping
- Using webpack and basic jest tests

##### v0.0.4

- Load plotly from npm (v1.31.2+)
- Convert to TypeScript
- Reasonable behavior when adding single metric
- Formatting with prettier.js
- Support for a single table query

##### v0.0.3

- Improve options UI
- Added range mode: "tozero" and "nonnegative"
- Map metrics to X,Y,Z and color
- Can now select 'date' type for each axis to support time
- basic support to size marker with data

##### v0.0.2

- Added ability to set color from a metric query. (#4, @lzgrablic01)
- Show 3D axis names properly
- Fix initalization to work with 4.2+ (isPanelVisible undefined)

##### v0.0.1

- First working version

### Wishlist (help wanted)

- sizeref helper. I think this depends on the data. likely need to find the range and pick a good value? From react?
- nice to have: https://plot.ly/javascript/parallel-coordinates-plot/
